README.md, before:

# Ten Hundred Bot
A [Discord](https://discordapp.com/) bot inspired by [xkcd's Simple Writer](https://xkcd.com/simplewriter/) and [Factorio's Discord](https://discord.gg/kvgdT24) channel #ten-hundred.
- Set a channel where only the 1000(ten hundred) most common words in English can be used.
- "Mutes" a user, restricting them to the 1000 most common words.

![Invite Ten Hundred Bot](https://i.imgur.com/4gF2uIe.png)

# Commands
>`@TenHundredBot` can be used in place of `!th`

> User IDs are interchangeable with mentions. `!th mute 197768883409649664` is valid.

`!th set` Only allows the 1000 most common words in the channel this is ran in. Supports only one channel.

`!th rem` Removes the restriction to the currently set channel.

`!th mute   (@User)`  Restricts a user to using only the 1000 most common words.

`!th unmute (@User)`  Unmutes a user.

`!th prefix (newPrefix)` Changes the prefix this bot responds to.



# Host Your Own
1. `go build *.go` and run the built binary to generate config.json.
2. [Create a bot](https://github.com/reactiflux/discord-irc/wiki/Creating-a-discord-bot-&-getting-a-token) and add its Bot Token to config.json. Invite it to your server.
3. [Enable Developer Mode](https://support.discordapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID-) to find your server ID. 
4. Add your server ID to config.json. 
5. Type `!th help` in any channel.
6. Type `!th mute @yourBestFriend` or `!th mute @yourself` in any channel.

Commit message:

add: clickable invite img on readme

README.md, after:

# Ten Hundred Bot
A [Discord](https://discordapp.com/) bot inspired by [xkcd's Simple Writer](https://xkcd.com/simplewriter/) and [Factorio's Discord](https://discord.gg/kvgdT24) channel #ten-hundred.
- Set a channel where only the 1000(ten hundred) most common words in English can be used.
- "Mutes" a user, restricting them to the 1000 most common words.

[<img alt="Invite TenHundredBot" src="https://i.imgur.com/4gF2uIe.png">](https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=689342935577395220&scope=bot&permissions=76816)

# Commands
>`@TenHundredBot` can be used in place of `!th`

> User IDs are interchangeable with mentions. `!th mute 197768883409649664` is valid.

`!th set` Restricts all users to the 1000 most common words for the channel this is ran in. Only one channel can be set.

`!th rem` Removes the restriction to the currently set channel.

`!th mute   (@User)`  Restricts a user to using only the 1000 most common words.

`!th unmute (@User)`  Unmutes a user.

`!th prefix (newPrefix)` Changes the prefix this bot responds to.



# Host Your Own
1. `go build *.go` and run the built binary to generate config.json.
2. [Create a bot](https://github.com/reactiflux/discord-irc/wiki/Creating-a-discord-bot-&-getting-a-token) and add its Bot Token to config.json. Invite it to your server.
3. [Enable Developer Mode](https://support.discordapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID-) to find your server ID. 
4. Add your server ID to config.json. 
5. Type `!th help` in any channel.
6. Type `!th mute @yourBestFriend` or `!th mute @yourself` in any channel.
